networking-modes.txt
Created Wed Aug  1 15:07:45 AKDT 2012
Copyright (C) 2012 by Raymond E. Marcil <marcilr@gmail.com>


Networking modes available in virtualbox.


Bridged networking with port forwarding back to the machine, for things like 3389 (windows rdp),
is the way to go.

Not attached
  In this mode, VirtualBox reports to the guest that a network card is present, but that there is
  no connection -- as if no Ethernet cable was plugged into the card.  This way it is possible to
  "pull" the virtual Ethernet cable and disrupt the connection, which can be useful to inform a
  guest operating system that no network connection is available and enforce a reconfiguration.

Network Address Translation (NAT)
  If all you want is to browse the Web, download files and view e-mail inside the guest, then this
  default mode should be sufficient for you, and you can safely skip the rest of this section.
  Please note that there are certain limitations when using Windows file sharing (see the section
  called "NAT limitations" for details).

Bridged networking
  This is for more advanced networking needs such as network simulations and running servers in a
  guest.  When enabled, VirtualBox connects to one of your installed network cards and exchanges
  network packets directly, circumventing your host operating system's network stack.

Internal networking
  This can be used to create a different kind of software-based network which is visible to
  selected virtual machines, but not to applications running on the host or to the outside world.

Host-only networking
  This can be used to create a network containing the host and a set of virtual machines, without
  the need for the host's physical network interface.  Instead, a virtual network interface
  (similar to a loopback interface) is created on the host, providing connectivity among virtual
  machines and the host.

Generic networking
  Rarely used modes share the same generic network interface, by allowing the user to select a
  driver which can be included with VirtualBox or be distributed in an extension pack.

virtualbox.org/


Links
=====
Introduction to networking modes
Has list of 6 network modes.
Chapter 6. Virtual networking
